rename `generate()`s `cols` argument to `variables` (#405)
tidymodels/infer: vignettes/infer.Rmd

null_fits
```

> To permute variables other than the response variable, the `variables` argument to `generate()` allows you to choose any of the `specify()`ed variables to permute independently of each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To permute variables other than the response variable, the `variables` argument to `generate()` allows you to choose columns from the data to permute. Note that any derived effects that depend on these columns (e.g., interaction effects) will also be affected.
```
